here are my Murray cypresses that I
planted last spring it's now summer the
next year and they have grown really
rapidly and I'm sure they'll really
start taking off now that they're either
established or very close to being
established and you can see how
beautiful they are so I can kind of get
a wall like that yeah they're really
tall now you know the tops are just
ridiculous they could how long this top
is right here and it's absolutely it's a
beautiful beautiful looking tree and
they're only gonna get bigger so they
are really grown again just look at how
tall this is that is ridiculous
it's a beautiful color too but you can
just see how how tall they're getting
all of them are really really getting a
fabulous ly tall let's show you all my
row here I've got two more that you
can't see that are beyond that big tall
thing over there but you can just see
how ridiculously big these things have
gotten very impressed unbelievable
but yeah they're a very very beautiful
color just like a with Leyland cypress
and now I'm gonna show you my Leland's I
have in the front now here are my Leland
cypresses I planted let's see this one
right here in the middle I planted about
let's see here about a year ago but I
dug it up and planted it back and I put
the two in the background there instead
just to give it a little bit of
and of privacy and for us and they're
really growing pretty pretty rapidly I
saw a picture on the internet and that
kind of gave me the idea to put these
kind of little staggered and have one
come up but you know these look a lot
like the Murrays though kind of the same
color probably a very slight difference
but I think these look fabulous I've
been over seven feet apart
Kenai was a had a lack of room and
wasn't really able to put them too far
apart right here but uh they're really
grown pretty well these will be
established next year probably but uh
these are really just huge so now I'm
going to show you my other side that I
have now this side right here I don't
even know if you can see him but uh
there's one right there
it's not doing too well that's got brown
on the bottom now these are Murray
Cypress is the same as on the other side
but uh I call this the shady side
because this side doesn't get a whole
lot of Sun but you can see they're about
about a foot and a half maybe and this
if I can get down here a little bit more
as you can see I'll show you the row
we've got any getting the shade kind of
and you can see this one very small I've
got a little bit of that they call it
brownness on the bottom there but um I'm
kind of down here now but you can see
this one's got the brown right there not
too happy with that I'm not real sure
what's causing that maybe just not
enough Sun but a lot of these kind of
this one looks pretty decent but there's
no roundness to much on these on that
one right there but there is someone
there now these were planted at the same
time as the other side and as you can
see without the Sun really coming down
on it it's really slow
I don't know if you can see the others
but you're right here you can't you know
there's not a whole lot on these but
some of them look pretty good the ones
down here get a little bit more Sun so
they'll probably be growing quite a bit
faster than the other other end over
here some of these look really good this
one looks pretty good very tall and now
some this one I believe this room right
here I think that got unestablished or
close to being unestablished it got
knocked over or something probably a cat
was rubbing up against it or something
I'm not sure but uh here's the other one
this one looks pretty decent these all
look you know these one down here look
really good not as good as the other
side but uh a lot better than down that
way as you can see but uh yeah these
don't look that bad
it's about mm3 feet right here the last
one right here
so these are definitely these are
looking alright you know it's not as
good as the other but hopefully uh we'll
be okay they get to be you know pretty
tall eventually but uh anyway I just
want to show y'all my Murray cypresses
and my three Leland's in the front so
they're growing pretty well but the ones
with the Sun those things are just
unbelievable so anyway I just wanted to
show you all